cries never
voices calling the light
to you
and the 3G
for every step they take
we are your hands and feet we are free
Luo is a Greek word and it means to set
free and break barriers and we chose
that word because it really just
encompasses the heart of our
organization we want to set children
free from poverty in the way that we
plan to do that is breaking barriers
between communities and hearts and just
connecting people worldwide my dreams
are that these kids can can see how
valuable they are to to God to the
society that they live in and just that
they can be a light in a really dark
world we just believe that by partnering
with the local church we can kind of
challenge them to get involved in the
community that is so close to them to be
able to get involved in the lives of
children we believe will stretch their
faith
you